SEP-6: Remove all interactive portions (#786)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0006.md

This SEP defines the standard way for anchors and wallets to interact on behalf of users. This improves user experience by allowing wallets and other clients to interact with anchors directly without the user needing to leave the wallet to go to the anchor's site.

> Please note that this SEP provides a normalized interface specification that allow wallets and other services to interact with anchors _programmatically_. [SEP-24](sep-0024.md) was created to support use cases where the anchor may want to interact with users _interactively_ using a popup opened within the wallet application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this SEP provides a normalized interface specification that allows wallets and other services to interact with anchors _programmatically_. [SEP-24](sep-0024.md) was created to support use cases where the anchor may want to interact with users _interactively_ using a popup opened within the wallet application.
```

Authorization: Bearer <JWT>
```

> The SDF highly recommends all endpoints other than `/info` (and optionally `/fee`) require authentication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended to require authentication for all endpoints other than `/info` (and optionally `/fee`).
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think this should have anything to do with the sdf

* **Transaction history**
    * It provides a better experience for users to show deposits or withdrawals they've completed in the past via the `/transactions` endpoint, but it's not strictly necessary.

### Basic Anchor Implementation

* Provide a full-featured implementation of [`/info`](#info).
* Decide which endpoints, if any, need to be [authenticated](#authentication), and declare that properly in the `/info` endpoint.
* Pick your approach to [fees](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/master/ecosystem/sep-0006.md#fee). We recommend using `/info` to express fees as it provides a better user experience (the user can see the fee structure in the wallet early in the process).
* **For both deposit and withdrawal**:
    * Include the `id` field in your response so the wallet can check up on the status of the transaction if it wants.

>     * We recommend you use [SEP-10 authentication](#authentication) for all endpoints other than `/info`. Anchors may also want to allow clients to access the `/fee` endpoint as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * We recommend you use [SEP-10 authentication](#authentication) for all endpoints other than `/info`. Anchors may want to allow clients to access the `/fee` endpoint as well.
```

A deposit is when a user sends an external token (BTC via Bitcoin, USD via bank transfer, etc...) to an address held by an anchor. In turn, the anchor sends an equal amount of tokens on the Stellar network (minus fees) to the user's Stellar account.

> The deposit endpoint allows a wallet to get deposit information from an anchor, so a user has all the information needed to initiate a deposit. It also lets the anchor specify additional information (if desired) that the user must submit via [SEP-12](sep-0012.md) to be able to deposit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/deposit` endpoint allows a wallet to get deposit information from an anchor, so a user has all the information needed to initiate a deposit. It also lets the anchor specify additional information (if desired) that the user must submit via [SEP-12](sep-0012.md) to be able to deposit.
```

This operation allows a user to redeem an asset currently on the Stellar network for the real asset (BTC, USD, stock, etc...) via the anchor of the Stellar asset.

> The withdraw endpoint allows a wallet to get withdrawal information from an anchor, so a user has all the information needed to initiate a withdrawal. It also lets the anchor specify additional information (if desired) that the user must submit via [SEP-12](sep-0012.md) to be able to withdraw.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/withdraw` endpoint allows a wallet to get withdrawal information from an anchor, so a user has all the information needed to initiate a withdrawal. It also lets the anchor specify additional information (if desired) that the user must submit via [SEP-12](sep-0012.md) to be able to withdraw.
```
